welcome to hqosu-su

client will only work on ainu

any other server will automatically crash your game

The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal bodeboop. A sing lap should be completed every time you hear this sound. ding Remember to run in a straight line and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark. Get ready!… Start.

Fubuki! Fubuki FUBUKI FUBUKIIIIiiiiIIIIIIiiiiaaAAAaaAAa!!! UhUUUHHHHhhHHH! Unh! Uhhhhhh! FUBUKI FUBUKI FUBUKIIIIiiiiiaaaAAAuuUUUuh!!! Ah-Kunkakunka! Kunkakunka! Suu-HA! Suu-HA! Suu-HA! SUU-HAaa! Fubuki smells so good! Nyunhahahuh! Ahun! I want to smell the white tail of Fubuki! Kun-kun! Ahh! No! I want to rub her fur! Mofmof-mofmof-mofmof-mofmof! Fubuki doing self-intro was so cute! Ahh ahh ahhHHUUUHH! It's great you got so many gifts on your birthday, Fubukiii! Ahh-you're so cute, Fubuki! Kawaii-AAAHHHHH! Congrats on getting selling your own merch! aaaaiiiYYYYYAAAAAaaaaaaa! Nyahhhhhhhh-GUEEEEHH-AAAAAA! What? VTubers are not real? Hmmm, so Matsuri and Shion aren't either... f u b u k i i s n o t r e a l...? GyaaaaAAAAaaaAAAAAaaa! WhyyYYYYyyyYYYyy! HOLOLIVE-EEEHHHH! You bastard! Goodbye! Goodbye to this goddamn world! Huh? She's looking? Fubuki on the poster is looking at Matsuri! FUBUKI ON THE POSTER IS LOOKING AT MATSURI!! Fubuki is looking at Matsuri! FUBUKI ON YOUTUBE IS LOOKING AT MATSURI!!! Fubuki on Twitter is talking with Matsuri! Thank God! The world hasn't left me! YaHOOOooo! Fubuki is still with me! I did it! I can do it! Twitter's Fubuking-YYAAAAAAAAaaaa!!!! Uuhhuhh! Haato-sama! Aki Aki! Melu melu! Roboco-senpaiiiiaaaaii!! Send Matsuri's love to Fubuki! To Fubuki from Hololive!

Anyways, um... I bought a whole bunch of Hololive subs, do you know what Hololive is? Anybody know what Hololive is? Anyone a simp yet? No, not Cam Girls, I’m talkin’ Hololive, the company that keeps destroying their CEO’s dream. Anyways, it’s a group of degenerate Virtual Youtubers who play games that creates 8 million overseas simps despite not showing their faces. That’s my story, I bought a whole bunch of subs. Throw them at Hololive Strimmers. Little Superchats, stuff like that.

My name is Rushia, I'm 16 years old. My house is in the northern section of Akihabara, where all the weebs are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for Hololive, I'm at home everyday. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I never sleep. After having beer and doing no stretches before going live, I usually have a lot of problem streaming. Just like a baby, I stream screaming and shouting. I was told, I am pettan. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who is boing boing. I take care not to trouble myself with any pettan comments, like winning and losing, that would cause me to start screaming. That is how I deal with the pettan comments, and I know that is why I am boing boing. Although, if I were to kill I wouldn't miss the mark. Basically, fandead, you are a troublesome thing that would hinder my stream, therefor my enemy, Deadly Queen... is what I've named it. I'm going to kill you now before you have a chance to speak, so I can go back streaming.

Nogue-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! Pupupupupu-poEI-pupupupu-poEI-pupupupupupu-poEII-pupu-poEIIII!!!!! Haato-sama! Haato-sama! PoEII! PoEII! Haato-sama! Haato-sama! I love you! You're so cute! PoeeeoiiiiiEEEEEEEeyyyyiiiiiiEEEEEEE! Please! Scold me more! Congrats on the recent QWQP stream! KeyyyYYYEE! Please behead me! Pupupupupu! Futa pork! Pupupupupupupoo! Poo-YEEHH! Poo-YEHH! Please try your best on your bakage stream! Poo-YEA poo-YEAH poo-YEHH! Fubuki! Pupupupupupu! I think I'll vomit if I eat Haato-sama's food but I'll eat it anyway! I'm sorry! Poo-HHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! Please behead me! I love your ASMR stream! Pooh-HHEEEEEEE!! Kawaii! Feels so good! Pu-HEEEE! Pupu!

You are delusional if you think hololive actors are actually the people they pretend to be after the dozens of confirmed leaks that several VRChat characters are literally created by corporations and have entire teams of international talent making content for them.

Hell a half dozen or them were outed as overworked middle aged Korean men that are ugly as sin slaving away 18 hours a day to create loyal simp stans.

Sorry to break the 4th wall for you all but its objectively true. This creepy and outright predatory manipulation of teenagers and lonely men is disgusting, please go ahead and ban me if you're dont like hearing it but you should really stick your head outside of the bubble this industry has created to keep you in the dark and if I can save even one person from the unhealthy obsession they've fallen into fantasizing over fictional underage anime girls it will have been worth it.

I dont want to kink shame anyone but you really should know that these people aren't who or what you think they are and you are developing truly unhealthy parasocial relationships with fictional lolis who are sucking tens of thousands of subscribers parents credit cards dry with this scheme.

I really hope you at least take a moment to consider how absurd and unethical the entire situation is, it's worse than porn or gambling addiction, if you cant see that then... well, I am sorry. I tried to help but if you think a situation like the one in the meme posted here is anything but a lie to sell to horny kids then you are clearly so swept up in things that your critical thinking and even ability to look at the history of the industry has been damaged. Please, seek help from a licensed therapist or perhaps an understanding family member who can help you channel your obsession into something healthy or worthwhile.

Louise! Louise! Louise! Louiseeeeeeaawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!!! Ahhhhh… aa… a, aahhh! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!! Louise Louise Louiseeeeuuuuuuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!! Ah Kunkakunka(sniff-sniff)! Kunkakunka(sniff-sniff)! SuuHaa(Breath in and out)! SuuHaa(Breath in and out)! Good smell…Kunkun(sniff-sniff) Nhaah! I wanna Kunkakunka (sniff-sniff) Louise Francoise-tan's pink blond hair! Kunkakunka (sniff-sniff)!AhaA! Mistook! I wanna mofmof(fluffy-fluffy)! Mofmof(fluffy-fluffy)! Mofmof(fluffy-fluffy)! Hair hair Mofmof(fluffy-fluffy)! Karikarimofmof! Cuincuin(onomatope) Louise on novel volume 12 was Cuuuutteeee! AaaAA!…AAA…AhAaAAAA!FaaAAAnnn!! Congratulation 2nd season was on air! Louise-tan! AaAAAAA! Cute! Louise-tan! Cute! AhAAaAA! Comic volume 2nd was sold and I'm happ… NooOOOOO!!! NyaaAAAAAAAN! GyaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA(Aaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhhh)!!! GahhhaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAA! Comic is not real! Oh…novels and anime is too… L o u i s e I s N o t R e a l? NyaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN! UwaaaaAAAAAAAAAAA! GetchaaaaaaaaaAAAAAA!!! Noooooooo! HaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAn! Uwwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!! This! Fxxk! I give up! I give up such a real(life)…te…what? Look? Illustlated Louise-tan is looking at me? Illustlated Louise-tan is looking at me ! Louise-tan is watching me! Illustlated Louise-tan is looking at me ! Louise-tan on anime is watching me! I feel relieved… The world is not that bad! Iyahhoooooooooooooo!!! Louise is with me! I did it, Kety! I can do it! oh, comic's Louise-chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAaaaaaaaNnnn!!! NooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOoooooo!!!!!!!!!!! AhAnAAhAAna, Ms Ann!!!! Si, Siestaaaaaaaaaaaa! HenriettaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!! TabathaaaaaAAA!!!!!!!!!!!! UUtUuuUUU!!! May my wish to Louise! To Louise on Halkeginia!

Lately I’ve been worried, after learning much about Nene’s upcoming outfit redesign, on whether there still is a vtuber or any other character in general that could even possibly EVEN TOUCH Momosuzu Nene now? Let alone defeat her. And I'm not talking about Suzumomo Nene. I'm not talking about Super Nenechi Pro either. Hell, I'm not even talking about Perfect Nenechi with God Steam (with the Ringfit Adventure) and sponsored by Akukin-Kensetsu, after eating gyoza for lunch. I’m also not talking about Nenemax 300k subs vtuber (which is capable of speaking Japanese, English and Spanish), her two wives Ina and Lamy and a third random tall guy clicking his tongue at her as he passes by. I'm definitely NOT talking about NENEMAXMAXMAXSTORONG with 4 parallel universe wives (Ina, Lamy, Matsuri, Okayu), equipped with sexy bikini while paying her employees 4 billion yen per hour after having become the CEO of Neneproduction, capable of glitching Craftopia bosses to only target her and pranking Flare in Minecraft, and having eaten Haachama's gyoza, tasted Botan’s chicken, and survived drinking one of Lamy’s shots. I'm talking about Super Hyper Ultra Ultimate Deluxe Perfect Amazing Shining God 東方不敗 Master Ginga Victory Strong Cute Beautiful Galaxy Baby 無限 無敵 無双 Nenechi, with 5 Hololive auditions, 43 wives, 372k husbands, neverending IQ (π), Perfect Japanglish, and Spanish, and Portuguese, running on a 3080x Asacoco Antenna and wearing the new ultra rare 5-Star Isekai Princess skin, cofounder of world-famous Polka Hologram Circus, with infinite source of water and surprising gaming skills while able to sing La Lion and set herself on fire in Craftopia after having become the eternal CEO of Nenepro who punches and kicks every employee, after having disconnected while singing Connect with Kiara, as well as having her name flipped into ƎИƎИ and turned into a 3D cardboard decoy, unlocked the power of God from absorbing Matsuri’s snot on her body while wearing a sexy bikini and having eaten Haachama's tarantula-spicy-noodles while convincing Ame to trast her and having mastered singing Shiny Smiley Story in 11 different languages at the same time, right after marathoning iCarly and VICTORIOUS twice in a row??

yarr....a pirate, and a girl? lifts eyepatch, eyes bulge out, my parrot squacks "Braaawwwk! Thar she blows!", i thump my pegleg on the ground like a horny rabbit, sound of a dock bell being rung as i sway from side, my pirate hat lifts a foot off my head, popeye theme plays, my tongue rolls out to reveal a picture of the jolly roger which proceeds to animate and wolf whistel yarr!!! my parrot knocks me on the head lile a woodpecker yar!! what ye be doin, polly? my parrot grabs mw by the collar with one wing and slaps me with the other yarr... i shake my head rapidly, regain my composure, adjust my pirate hat er...ye be lookin beautiful today, matey

credits: none
